# Transfer file

The program has two modes, namely "pengirim" mode and "penerima" mode, which can be specified via command line arguments. In "pengirim" mode, the program will ask the user to enter the user ID and will add up the ASCII value of the ID to determine the port to use. Then, the program will create a server socket on the specified port. After that, the program will accept connections from clients (recipients) connected using sockets. The user is then asked to enter the file name and its extension to be sent. The file name is then sent to the client via the output stream. The program will read the file to be sent, wrap it in a BufferedInputStream, and send it to the client via the output stream. When finished sending files, all connections and sockets are closed.

In "penerima" mode, the program will ask the user to enter the ID of the friend who will be the sender. The program will add up the ASCII value of the ID to determine which port to use. The program then creates a client socket and tries to connect to the sender using that socket. If the connection is successful, the program will receive the file sent from the sender. The file name will be received via the input stream, and the program will create a receiving folder if it doesn't already exist. The program will write the received files to that folder using BufferedOutputStream. When finished receiving files, all connections and sockets are closed.

This program uses the concept of socket programming to transfer data between two computers over a network. The sender reads the file to be sent and sends it to the recipient via the output stream, while the recipient receives the file sent via the input stream and writes it to disk. BufferedInputStream and BufferedOutputStream are used to speed up the data transfer process by wrapping the input stream and output stream.

This program is useful in situations where we need to transfer files between two computers connected in a network. For example, users can use this program to send files to their friends who are on the same network or receive files from their friends. This program makes it easy to transfer files without the need to use third-party services or rely on cloud storage.
